alright guys i'm going to show you today
how you can fix your your urls that you
may be getting some bad airs from cydia
it's very simple to do what you need to
do first of all and i'll include this in
the description box you need to download
psychics cy fi x and also a application
called mobile terminal and once you have
it on your desk topic looks something
like that little black eye that little
black icon you see there was terminal
laundry so let's open it up and i'm
going to try to show you how you do this
it's really not that hard to do first of
all you need to have those two programs
installed on your device and you also
need to remember the error that you're
getting from cydia when it opens like on
my device i'm getting a fetch to Earth
from the mod my I URL so I'm going on
tap that and you're just going to men
you can try to show you how exactly you
remove that but first let's get into the
mobile terminal just for beginners I
don't recommend that you that you change
any passwords or do anything like that
and to get in you just type in issue for
the username like I just did right there
and the password by default is alpine so
let's type that in hit return it'll load
that up once it loads it up let's type
in see why fix and right here is where
you're going to put your problematic
repo URL okay
and let me what i have done is i have
written down a list of repose that i
have on my device but when you know it I
don't have the one that I need so let's
let's go back out let's go in just see
to you and I do apologize i thought i
had it written down here but to keep
them having to this video over again i
don't want to have to go to manage and
you can see right there it's mod my well
you'll even get to see the URL to you in
trouble mod my mod my i.com slice repo
okay then all we need to do is go back
in close that out go back to where
mobile terminal yes
log back in AC our pan
cy fi x and the URL is going to be mod
and you need to make sure once you type
this in that is exactly mod my dot com
slice repo then once you get it in there
make sure it's just like it's supposed
to be in hit return processing and you
can see right there access in racing
it's extra dedicated exterminated extra
cut hating all that it's done and now
you can exit out of that and what you
need to do now is you need to reboot and
hopefully if everything went as it was
supposed to you're done thanks for
watching
you